Update readme (#172)
Health-Informatics-UoN/hutch-cohort-discovery: README.md

> [!NOTE]

> > This repository has been archived, and the codebases within are moved to their own repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository is now archived.
>
> The active codebases have moved to their own repositories:
```

> 

> > ℹ️ Bunny has moved [here](https://github.com/Health-Informatics-UoN/hutch-bunny)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [Bunny](https://github.com/Health-Informatics-UoN/hutch-bunny)
```

> > ℹ️ Relay has already moved [here](https://github.com/Health-Informatics-UoN/hutch-relay)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Relay](https://github.com/Health-Informatics-UoN/hutch-relay)
```
